games/nemesis/game-flow/event-cards.md, before:

# Resolve Event Card [1, p.10]

Event cards are resolved during the Event Phase.
Resolving the event card consists of two steps:

1. **Intruder Movement:** All Intruders sharing the Intruder Symbol shown on the Event card (and that are not in a Room with any Characters) move to a neighbouring Room through the Corridor showing the number on the Event card. This information is shown along the top of the card in the form of Intruder symbols (i.e. Larva, Creepers, Adult, Breeders, Queen) and a number iF the top right corner. If the number indicates a Technical Corridor, remove that Intruder miniature from the board and put its corresponding Intruder token in the Intruder bag.
2. **Event Effect:** After the Intruder movement step, resolve the effect described on the Event card. This is in the form of a heading and text on the bottom half of the card.

After resolving the Event card, discard it in the Event discard pile (unless the text on the card says differently).
If the Event deck runs out of cards (this, however, happens very rarely), shuffle the discarded Event cards – they become the new Event deck.

Commit message:

feat: Loaded event deck contents and improved overall structure of game-flow pages

games/nemesis/game-flow/event-cards.md, after:

# Event Cards

Category: Game Flow - Event Cards
Related Systems: Intruders, Movement, Combat, Doors

Events in Nemesis are a crucial element of the game's flow, driving Intruder actions and creating dynamic, often dangerous, situations on the ship. They are resolved during the Event Phase of each game turn.

Events are resolved during step 7 of the **Event Phase**, after Time Track movement, Intruder Attacks, and Fire Damage steps.

## Event Card Resolution

1. **Intruder Movement:**

- All Intruders sharing the Intruder Symbol shown on the Event card (and that are not in a Room with any Characters) move to a neighbouring Room through the Corridor showing the number on the Event card.
- This information is shown along the top of the card in the form of Intruder symbols (i.e. Larva, Creepers, Adult, Breeders, Queen) and a number in the top right corner.
- If the number indicates a Technical Corridor, remove that Intruder miniature from the board, discard its Injuries and put its corresponding Intruder token in the Intruder bag.
- **Note**: If an Intruder retreats from combat and an Event card directs it to a Corridor with Closed Doors, the door gets destroyed, and the Intruder remains in its original room.

2. **Event Effect:**

- After the Intruder movement step, resolve the effect described on the Event card. This is in the form of a heading and text on the bottom half of the card.
- After resolving the Event card, **discard it** in the Event discard pile (unless the text on the card says differently).
- If the Event deck runs out of cards (this, however, happens very rarely), shuffle the discarded Event cards to form a new Event deck.
