games/nemesis/game-flow/victory-check.md, before:

# Victory Check

Category: Game Flow - End of Game
Related Systems: Objectives, Hibernatorium, Escape Pods, Coordinates, Cockpit, Self Destruct

If at least one Character has survived (either hibernating or having evacuated via an Escape Pod) when the game ends, a Victory Check is performed:

## Engines Check

If the ship survived up to this moment, its Engines are checked. Reveal all the top Engine tokens of the three Engines. If 2 or 3 of the top Engine tokens have a Damaged status, the ship explodes and all the hibernating Characters die. Everything else on board also dies, including all the Intruders (this may be important for some Objectives).

**Note**: If the Engine has a Working status a Malfunction marker does not affect this status.

## Coordinates Check

If the ship survived up to this moment, reveal the Coordinates card and check the current space of the Destination marker. If the ship is not headed toward Earth, all Characters asleep in the Hibernatorium die.

The Quarantine Objective, which requires another destination for the jump (Mars), is the only exception to this rule. Any Character with this Objective does not die if they are asleep in the Hibernatorium and the ship's destination is Mars.

**Important**: Instant death due to a destination other than Earth does not apply to the Intruders! In this case, although the Characters die, the ship is not destroyed.

## Contamination Check

Each alive Character (either asleep in the Hibernatorium or evacuated in an Escape Pod) checks their Contamination cards.
A. The player Scans all the Contamination cards in their Action deck, discard pile and hand.
B. If there is at least 1 “INFECTED” card, that player shuffles all their cards (both Action and Contamination) to create a new Action deck, then draws the 4 top cards. If there is at least 1 Contamination card (Infected or not), the Character dies.

If there is a Larva on the Character's Board, the player skips step A and resolves step B.

## Objective Check

Each player whose Character is still alive at this step must check if they accomplished their chosen Objective. They reveal their Objective card to the other players and check if they have met all its requirements.

Commit message:

fix: Fixed issue with false interpretation of contamination check during victory check

games/nemesis/game-flow/victory-check.md, after:

# Victory Check

Category: Game Flow - End of Game
Related Systems: Objectives, Hibernatorium, Escape Pods, Coordinates, Cockpit, Self Destruct

If at least one Character has survived (either hibernating or having evacuated via an Escape Pod) when the game ends, a Victory Check is performed:

## Engines Check

If the ship survived up to this moment, its Engines are checked. Reveal all the top Engine tokens of the three Engines. If 2 or 3 of the top Engine tokens have a Damaged status, the ship explodes and all the hibernating Characters die. Everything else on board also dies, including all the Intruders (this may be important for some Objectives).

**Note**: If the Engine has a Working status, a Malfunction marker does not affect this status.

## Coordinates Check

If the ship survived up to this moment, reveal the Coordinates card and check the current space of the Destination marker. If the ship is not headed toward Earth, all Characters asleep in the Hibernatorium die.

The **Quarantine** Objective, which requires another destination for the jump (Mars), is the only exception to this rule. Any Character with this Objective does not die if they are asleep in the Hibernatorium and the ship's destination is Mars.

**Important**: Instant death due to a destination other than Earth does not apply to the Intruders! In this case, although the Characters die, the ship is not destroyed.

## Contamination Check

Each alive Character (either asleep in the Hibernatorium or evacuated in an Escape Pod) checks their Contamination cards.

**Step A: Initial Scan of All Cards**:

- The player scans all their Contamination cards. This includes all Contamination cards located in their Action deck, discard pile, and hand.
- Use the physical Scanner's red foil part over the coded field of each Contamination card to reveal if the word "INFECTED" appears. If "INFECTED" does not appear, the card is NOT INFECTED.
- If there is at least 1 "INFECTED" card, proceed to Step B. Otherwise, the Character survives.

**Step B: Final Survival Check**:

- If at least one "INFECTED" card is found during Step A, the player proceeds to this step.
- The player shuffles all their cards (which includes both Action cards and all Contamination cards) to create a new Action deck.
- They then draw the top 4 cards from this newly shuffled deck.
- If there is **at least 1** Contamination card (whether "INFECTED" or not) among these 4 drawn cards, the Character dies.
- If none of the 4 cards drawn are Contamination cards, the Character survives.

**Special Rule for Existing Larva**:

- If a Larva miniature is already on the Character's board at the very beginning of the Contamination Check, the player skips Step A entirely.
- Instead, they directly proceed to resolve Step B, meaning they immediately shuffle all cards, draw 4, and die if any contamination card is present.

## Objective Check

Each player whose Character is still alive at this step must check if they accomplished their chosen Objective. They reveal their Objective card to the other players and check if they have met all its requirements.
