games/nemesis/movement-and-exploration/fire.md, before:

# Fire Marker

Category: Movement and Exploration - Fire
Related Systems: Intruders, Player Phase, End of Game, Rooms Grey

Fire markers represent hazardous fires throughout the ship. There are 8 Fire markers available in the game.

## Effects on Characters

Every time a Character ends their round (**each round!**) in a Room with a Fire marker, this Character suffers 1 Light Wound.

**Note**: Remember that 1 round is 2 Actions of 1 Character (or 1 Action and pass, or simply pass).
**Important**: Characters suffer Wounds from Fire only after they finished their round. If the Character passes, they suffer 1 Light Wound from Fire at the end of their round, but they won't suffer any more Wounds from Fire this turn, even if other Characters play their round after them.

## Effects on Intruders

During the Event Phase, specifically the "Fire Damage" step, every Intruder present in a Room with a Fire marker suffers 1 Injury.

**Egg Destruction**: If a Fire marker is in a Room containing uncarried Intruder Eggs , 1 uncarried Egg is destroyed during the Fire Damage step. Eggs are considered uncarried if they are in the nest or on the ground.

## Ship Explosion

If you are instructed to place a Fire marker and there are no more markers in the pool (all 8 are in use), the ship explodes and the game ends. This means all Characters on the board (awake or hibernated) and all Intruders die.

## How Fire Markers Are Placed

Fire markers can appear through:

- **Exploration tokens**: "Fire" exploration tokens place Fire markers when rooms are first entered
- **Event cards**: Some events cause fire to spread to neighboring rooms or create malfunctions in already-burning rooms
- **Flamethrower**: During combat this Weapon may place Fire markers in the Room the Combat is taking place in.
- **Molotov Cocktail**: This Crafted Item can be used to place Fire markers in Rooms with Intruders in them.
- **Events:** Some Event cards may cause the Fire to spread to neighboring Rooms or cause Malfunctions in Rooms already on fire, so be careful!

## Removal of Fire Markers

- **Fire Control System Room Action**: The Room Action allows a Character to choose any one Room and discard a Fire marker from it if one is present. This action can also be used to make Intruders flee, regardless of fire presence.
- **Airlock Control Room Action**: If the "Emergency Airlock procedure" is successfully initiated and completed in a Yellow Room (all connected Doors are Closed at the end of the Player Phase), everything in that Room dies, and any Fire marker present is removed.
- **Fire Extinguisher**: This Heavy Item from the Technical Items (Yellow Deck) can be used to discard a Fire marker from your current room.

## Specific Rules

- Any given Room may never hold more than 1 Fire marker. If you are instructed to place another one, nothing happens.
- Discarded Fire markers are returned to the Fire marker pool for later use.
- The presence of a Fire marker in a Room does not prevent Characters from using Room Actions or performing Search Actions in that Room.
- The Shower Room ACtion does not remove a Fire marker from that room, it only removes a Slime marker.

Commit message:

feat: Add Mechanic action to list of ways to remove fire

games/nemesis/movement-and-exploration/fire.md, after:

# Fire Marker

Category: Movement and Exploration - Fire
Related Systems: Intruders, Player Phase, End of Game, Rooms Grey

Fire markers represent hazardous fires throughout the ship. There are 8 Fire markers available in the game.

## Effects on Characters

Every time a Character ends their round (**each round!**) in a Room with a Fire marker, this Character suffers 1 Light Wound.

**Note**: Remember that 1 round is 2 Actions of 1 Character (or 1 Action and pass, or simply pass).
**Important**: Characters suffer Wounds from Fire only after they finished their round. If the Character passes, they suffer 1 Light Wound from Fire at the end of their round, but they won't suffer any more Wounds from Fire this turn, even if other Characters play their round after them.

## Effects on Intruders

During the Event Phase, specifically the "Fire Damage" step, every Intruder present in a Room with a Fire marker suffers 1 Injury.

**Egg Destruction**: If a Fire marker is in a Room containing uncarried Intruder Eggs , 1 uncarried Egg is destroyed during the Fire Damage step. Eggs are considered uncarried if they are in the nest or on the ground.

## Ship Explosion

If you are instructed to place a Fire marker and there are no more markers in the pool (all 8 are in use), the ship explodes and the game ends. This means all Characters on the board (awake or hibernated) and all Intruders die.

## How Fire Markers Are Placed

Fire markers can appear through:

- **Exploration tokens**: "Fire" exploration tokens place Fire markers when rooms are first entered
- **Event cards**: Some events cause fire to spread to neighboring rooms or create malfunctions in already-burning rooms
- **Flamethrower**: During combat this Weapon may place Fire markers in the Room the Combat is taking place in.
- **Molotov Cocktail**: This Crafted Item can be used to place Fire markers in Rooms with Intruders in them.
- **Events:** Some Event cards may cause the Fire to spread to neighboring Rooms or cause Malfunctions in Rooms already on fire, so be careful!

## Removal of Fire Markers

- **Fire Control System Room Action**: The Room Action allows a Character to choose any one Room and discard a Fire marker from it if one is present. This action can also be used to make Intruders flee, regardless of fire presence.
- **Airlock Control Room Action**: If the "Emergency Airlock procedure" is successfully initiated and completed in a Yellow Room (all connected Doors are Closed at the end of the Player Phase), everything in that Room dies, and any Fire marker present is removed.
- **Fire Extinguisher**: This Heavy Item from the Technical Items (Yellow Deck) can be used to discard a Fire marker from your current room.
- **Mechanic's Pyrotechnics Action card**: This action can be used to discard a Fire marker from the Room you are in.

## Specific Rules

- Any given Room may never hold more than 1 Fire marker. If you are instructed to place another one, nothing happens.
- Discarded Fire markers are returned to the Fire marker pool for later use.
- The presence of a Fire marker in a Room does not prevent Characters from using Room Actions or performing Search Actions in that Room.
- The Shower Room ACtion does not remove a Fire marker from that room, it only removes a Slime marker.
